Update Lior's Q4 goal (#7087)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/small-teams/marketing/objectives.mdx

   * Win half of the W24 batch and double the size of the startups program (Joe)
   * Double the number of newsletter subs again while maintaining 45% open rate (Ian)
   * Every time you search ‘alternative to X’, PostHog appears high up in Google Search (Andy)

>    * For surveys and A/B testing, we have 12 new blog posts or tutorials combined (Lior)

Author: ```suggestion
   * Deepen our evergreen content for surveys and A/B testing (Lior)
```
